Add staking warning (#76)
valory-xyz/trader-quickstart: README.md

chmod +x run_service.sh
./run_service.sh
```

### For Stakers

> :warning: **Warning** <br />

> > The code in this repository is provided without any warranties. In particular, the code has not been audited for security vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The code within this repository is provided without any warranties. It's important to note that, the code has not been audited for potential security vulnerabilities.
```

> > The code within this repository is provided without any warranties. It is important to note that, the code has not been audited for potential security vulnerabilities.

Author: ```suggestion
> The code within this repository is provided without any warranties. It is important to note that the code has not been audited for potential security vulnerabilities.
```

> > Using this code may result in loss of funds, data or assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using this code could potentially lead to loss of funds, data compromised, or asset risk.
```

> > Using this code could potentially lead to loss of funds, data compromised, or asset risk.

Author: ```suggestion
> Using this code could potentially lead to loss of funds, compromised data, or asset risk.
```

> > Use this code at your own risk. Please refer to the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details about the terms and conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please exercise caution and use this code at your own risk. Please refer to the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details about the terms and conditions.
```
